Container Options Section Update README.md (#187)
aixigo/PREvant: api/README.md

## Container Options

> A table containers can be created with the with the option of Restricting the memory usage of containers, as shown below. You can create a table `containers` with following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table `containers` can be used to set some global options for all the OCI containers that PREvant deploys.
For example, restricting the memory usage of containers, as shown below. For full reference see the example below:
```
